{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18180\viewh10880\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Review - Web Project - Dimensions/MiddleEarth
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\ulnone Starting this project, I was inexperienced with most aspects of this code, I took quite a while for me to figure out what lines of code represent which elements of the webpages. After experimenting in a trail and error fashion I discovered what most of the code related to and how to adapt it to my liking. I decided to theme the page after The Lord of the Rings. The changes I made were all to the 
\f0\b index.html
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b main.css
\f1\b0  file and images added to the 
\f0\b Images 
\f1\b0 folder.\
\

\f0\b \ul Colouring
\f1\b0 \
\
\ulnone The colouring was the easiest part of this task, it was a simple case to spot colours amongst the CSS code and change them and see what has taken place on the page. It was during this process that I discovered the several different types of colour coding, this required me to google and record the several different ways to do this for the colours I had selected. For instance, the yellow/gold I used can expressed as either #ffd700 or 255,215,0 (with options for saturation). This required me to think about how the colours fit together to make all content on the page visible and easy to read. It was during this time, that I also discovered the \'91hover\'92 and \'91active\'92 parts of elements and adjusted these to fit my theme. \
\

\f0\b \ul Backgrounds/Images
\f1\b0 \
\ulnone \
The background took me quite a while to figure out due to there being fading effects etc, however I did include a background image in keeping with the theme and darker aesthetic of my page, this required me to change the size of the image to fit correctly. On each tab within the page, I added images into the folders to allow me to input ones to correspond with each section. The original section images were pre-set sizes with no adjustments, so to adapt mine to the right size would require resizing of my images, or re-writing the image code so they could all be sized independently. This would take me a fair amount of time, so I have left this alone for the time being, but plan to adjust these in the future in my own time. For accessibility reasons, I added \'91alt\'92 text to my images, to allow them to be read by a screen reader.\
\

\f0\b \ul Text\
\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Other than the colouring, I adjusted the text of most parts other than the body to suit my content, this includes editing the size and weight of parts of the main page. This required me to remove some of the text from one paragraph in HTML and into another, then write new CSS for this other paragraph, so each line could be separately sized and weighted. \
Within the main page, I adjusted the type of hypertext underline and added a hyperlink on the authors name to link to his website. I also planned to create a voting system to replace the \'91contact us\'92 page, at the time, I was unaware of how this could be accomplished. However, since my recent coverage of JavaScript, I plan to implement some script into this to allow drop-down menus etc.\
\ul \
\
I\ulnone  found this exercise very fun, editing the code of a website and seeing it go live on a webpage is a great feeling and very rewarding. Unfortunately, before I discovered Visual Studios Code, I lost most of my progress on this task as I saved my previous work as a text file. This is a lesson I\'92m glad I learnt early, instead of in the middle of a commercial project. Due to this, there are still changes I would like to make to these pages, I will do this in my own time and keep updating for my portfolio. }